= OpenGraphMeta extension for MediaWiki =
'''OpenGraphMeta''' provides [http://opengraphprotocol.org/ OpenGraph protocol] metadata for articles on the wiki for 3rd parties like Facebook
to extract. The primary use for this extension is for any wiki that provides its users a button to "Like" pages on the wiki, especially if the
wiki uses a custom default skin.
As sometimes Facebook can extract undesirable parts from the page (known on some custom skins to potentially extract
random images irrelevant to the content) providing this data gives Facebook clean data to display in likes, and cleans up the long title into
a pair of clean site and page titles.


This extension can also be paired with [https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Description2 Extension:Description2] which extracts
description information from articles. When both are installed, OpenGraphMeta will make use of the information Description2 extracts
to set meta tags such as "og:description".

== Usage ==
You can use the parser function <code><nowiki>{{#setmainimage:Filename.ext}}</nowiki></code> to set the "og:image" meta tag for any page;
this directs Facebook and others to use said image when sharing.

Another parser function, <code><nowiki>{{#setmaintitle:Your own title}}</nowiki></code>, allows to set og:title.

Hint: you may use said parser function in an infobox template to automatically set the preferred image. 

You can also set a default fallback image - see the [[#configuration options]].

== Configuration options ==
* $egFacebookAppId: set the meta tag "fb:app_id".
* $egFacebookAdmins: set the meta tag "fb:admins"
* $egFacebookDefaultImage - set a default fallback image for sharing. Either a relative path (like $wgLogo) or a  fully-qualified URL.

== Hooks provided ==
'OpenGraphMetaHeaders', which can be used like this:
<code>static public function onOpenGraphMetaHeaders( &$meta, $title ) { }</code>

== Changelog ==
* 0.5.6: Add $egFacebookDefaultImage as a fallback for all pages.
* 0.5.5:  Backport some useful Wikia changes
** Add prefix to fb:app_id meta tag
** Add hook 'OpenGraphMetaHeaders'
* 0.5.4: Add Michael Chaudhary's patch for fixing user-selected og:image
* 0.5.3: Be extra paranoid to make sure we have a File or something that for sure is an object
* 0.5.2: Converted long PHP arrays to short, removed unnecessary bool retvals from hooked functions
* 0.5.1: Allow to override og:title with parser function 'setmaintitle'
* 0.5.0: extension registration support and more
